fix: brute force docs (#161)
nginx/documentation: content/nap-waf/v4/configuration-guide/configuration.md

### Overview

Brute force attacks are attempts to break in to secured areas of a web application by trying exhaustive,
systematic, username/password combinations to discover legitimate authentication credentials. 

> To prevent brute force attacks,  NGINX App Protect WAF monitors both IP addresses and/or usernames and tracks the number of 
> failed login attempts reached a maximum threshold. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent brute force attacks, NGINX App Protect WAF monitors IP addresses, usernames, and the number of failed login attempts beyond a maximum threshold. 
```

When brute force patterns are detected, the NGINX App Protect WAF policy either trigger an alarm or block the attack if the failed 
login attempts reached a maximum threshold for a specific username or coming from a specific IP address.

> To enable brute force protection, at least one login page must be created.
> 
> ### Login page policy example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable brute force protection, at least one login page must be created.

---

### Login page policy example
```

A login page specifies the login URL that users must pass through to get authenticated. The configuration of a login URL includes the URL itself, the username and passwords parameters and the validation criteria (how we know that a login was successful or failed)
```json
	    "login-pages": [
            {
               "accessValidation" : {
                  "responseContains": "Success"
               },
               "authenticationType": "form",
               "url" : {
                  "method" : "*",
                  "name" : "/html_login",
                  "protocol" : "http",
                  "type" : "explicit"
               },
               "usernameParameterName": "username",
               "passwordParameterName": "password"
            }
        ]
``` 
             

> {{< note >}} For further configuration details, see NGINX App Protect WAF Declarative Policy Guide [Declarative Policy guide]({{< relref "/nap-waf/v4/declarative-policy/policy/#policy/login-pages" >}}). {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} For further configuration details, see NGINX App Protect WAF Declarative Policy Guide [Declarative Policy guide]({{< relref "/nap-waf/v4/declarative-policy/policy/#policy/login-pages" >}}). {{< /note >}}

---
```

To enable brute force protection, at least one login page must be created.

---

### Login page policy example

A login page specifies the login URL that users must pass through to get authenticated. The configuration of a login URL includes the URL itself, the username and passwords parameters and the validation criteria (how we know that a login was successful or failed)
```json
	    "login-pages": [
            {
               "accessValidation" : {
                  "responseContains": "Success"
               },
               "authenticationType": "form",
               "url" : {
                  "method" : "*",
                  "name" : "/html_login",
                  "protocol" : "http",
                  "type" : "explicit"
               },
               "usernameParameterName": "username",
               "passwordParameterName": "password"
            }
        ]
``` 
             
{{< note >}} For further configuration details, see NGINX App Protect WAF Declarative Policy Guide [Declarative Policy guide]({{< relref "/nap-waf/v4/declarative-policy/policy/#policy/login-pages" >}}). {{< /note >}}

---
### Brute force policy example

> Example1: A single brute force configuration is applied universally to all login pages.

Reviewer 2: Add: "If you configured more than one login page, then the attempts of the same source IP address or username across all the login pages are counted".

                  "enabled" : true,
                  "threshold" : 3
               },
               "reEnableLoginAfter" : 3600,
               "sourceBasedProtectionDetectionPeriod" : 3600,
               "url": {
               "method": "*",
               "name": "/html_login",
               "protocol": "http"
		       }
            }
        ],
	    "login-pages": [
            {
               "accessValidation" : {
                  "responseContains": "Success"
               },
               "authenticationType": "form",
               "url" : {
                  "method" : "*",
                  "name" : "/html_login",
                  "protocol" : "http",
                  "type" : "explicit"
               },
               "usernameParameterName": "username",
               "passwordParameterName": "password"
            }
        ]
    }
}

```
policy:

>   brute-force-attack-preventions:

Author: i can understand that if we use the login page as a feature(by himself), but since we present it with BF it will be weird to start with that, lets close it tomorrow.

        Defines configuration for Brute Force Protection feature.
        There is default configuration (one with bruteForceProtectionForAllLoginPages flag and without url) 

>         that applies to all configured login URLs unless there exists another brute force configuration for a specific login page.

Author: not sure i understand, lets review it

            - **alarm**: The system will log the login attempt.

      enabled:
            When enabled, the system counts failed login attempts for a specific username.

      threshold:
            After configured threshold (number of failed login attempts for a specific username) 
            defined action will be applied when a brute force attack will be detected.

    reEnableLoginAfter:
          Defines prevention period (measured in seconds) for source-based brute force attacks.

    sourceBasedProtectionDetectionPeriod:
          Defines detection period (measured in seconds) for source-based brute force attacks.

  login-pages:
        A login page is a URL in a web application that requests must pass through to get to the authenticated URLs. 
        Use login pages, for example, to prevent forceful browsing of restricted parts of the web application, 
        by defining access permissions for users. Login pages also allow session tracking of user sessions.	
    
    accessValidation:
        Access Validation define validation criteria for the login page response. 
        If you define more than one validation criteria, 

>         the response must meet all the criteria before the system allows the user to access the application login URL.	

Reviewer 3: All the possible access validation criteria should be added

    authenticationType:
        Authentication Type is method the web server uses to authenticate the login URL's credentials with a web user.
            
        - **none**: The web server does not authenticate users trying to access the web application through the login URL. 

>             This is the default setting.

Reviewer 3: This generally means that every access to this URL is seen as a login attempt.

            
        - **form**: The web application uses a form to collect and authenticate user credentials. If using this option, 

>             you also need to type the user name and password parameters written in the code of the HTML form.

Reviewer 3: parameters names

>         - **http-basic**: The user name and password are transmitted in Base64 and stored on the server in plain text.

Reviewer 3: The authentication is done using the HTTP basic authentication.

>         - **http-digest**: The web server performs the authentication; user names and passwords 

Reviewer 3: this explanation doesn't say much. It should be:
The authentication is done using the HTTP digest access authentication.

            are not transmitted over the network, nor are they stored in plain text.
            

>         - **ntlm**: Microsoft LAN Manager authentication (also called Integrated Windows Authentication) 

Reviewer 3: We don't need the second sentance. We generally don't need to explain what is the method. The customer can open wikipedia . 
It should be like the others: The authentication is done using the NTLM authentication.

            does not transmit credentials in plain text, but requires a continuous TCP connection between the server and client.
            
        - **ajax-or-json-request**: The web server uses JSON and AJAX requests to authenticate users 
            trying to access the web application through the login URL. 

>             For this option, you also need to type the name of the JSON element containing the user name and password.

Reviewer 3: elements

    usernameParameterName:
        A name of parameter which will contain username string.	
    passwordParameterName:
        A name of parameter which will contain password string.	
    url:

>         URL string used for login page.	  

Reviewer 3: Isn't there also a method?
